# Bug_free_Music_and_Politics
As the world's largest video platform, youtube has official and unofficial video content on it. We hope to find out whether there is any connection between them by studying official politically related videos and non-political related videos, such as music videos.  Whether there is an overlap in the comment areas of non-political videos and political-related videos, or whether a certain non-political-related video will affect the results of political elections, so we asked the first question: RQ1: What is the connection between the nonpolitical cellular videos and political videos? After that, while we grabbed political videos from many media platforms, we also grabbed MVs of many famous songs from famous singers on YouTube, which will have priority in many videos. We hope to find the core video in the network through visualization, because this video often plays the role of a linker, which is of great significance. Finding this video can help us draw conclusions more clearly, so our second question is: RQ 2: What are the most important video (s) in this network? The significance of this research question is to find the most core video in the picture through data visualization. This video is the most important. The important point here is that it connects many videos or a specific node.
The data collection procedure is done in "youtube_api.R". The data cleaniing and process is doen in "democrat_media.ipynb", "republican_media.ipynb" and "concat_all.ipynb". Finally, the result is rendered in "singer_media_network.gephi".
The whole procedure is explained in detail in "data analysis procedure.docx".
